MOHAMED SALAH has defended his performances for Liverpool and criticised what he believes are double standards regarding his goalscoring record. The Egyptian forward failed to end his barren run at Anfield yesterday  but played a key part in the own-goal drama when the Tottenham Hotspur goalkeeper Hugo Lloris pushed his 90th-minute header on to his team-mate Toby Alderweireld.





Salah has not scored since February 9 - he has only one goal in his past 11 appearances - but insisted that his total of 20 for the season was being unfairly scrutinised. "The important thing was to get three points," he said.





"I haven't scored for a couple of games but there are some players who have the same number of goals as me but are having the season of their lives. I'm supposed to be having a bad season!





"There are players who are a few goals behind me and they say they are playing well. [For the header] this was my first time in the game when I stayed in the box. Normally, I stay outside at the corner - but I stayed in there and the ball came. I was going for the goal.





"I wasn't taking too much risk to try and head it too hard and the ball goes high [over the bar] - I just wanted to keep it in the goal and put it in there. Yes, I got some luck but it went in.





"The big teams always get the points - that's what we did today. You always have to find a way and we did."





Liverpool's victory came after Moussa Sissoko had wasted the chance to reward Tottenham's rousing second-half comeback. The France midfielder blazed over the crossbar after Virgil van Dijk, the Liverpool centre back, had forced him to take a shot by blocking the option of a pass to the substitute Son Heung-min.





Van Dijk, who required ice on an ankle injury after the game, showed his worth once again in that moment and his manager Jurgen Klopp said: "They had the two counterattacks, one really big one if they had scored then I would doubt we would win the game. 





"But they didn't, and in the end Virg defended brilliantly, in the best way you can do it."





Tottenham have now taken one point from a possible 15 and hang on to third place on goal difference from Manchester United, with Arsenal and Chelsea one point behind. 





"It is a shame we are not close," their manager, Mauricio Pochettino, said. "We were but in the last few weeks we find our reality, our place. We are disappointed but knowing realistically we must be happy.





"We have a mini league now, seven games. It's in our hands to be in the top four and the Champions League next season."





COPYRIGHT - THE TIMES, LONDON